docs(readme): examples (#14)
masterpointio/github-action-opa-rego-test: README.md

```yaml
- name: Run OPA Rego Tests
  uses: masterpointio/github-action-opa-rego-test@main
  with:

>     report_untested_files: true # Flag to check & report Rego files without corresponding test files. Optional, defaults to false.

Author: ```suggestion
    report_untested_files: true # Flag to check & report Rego files that does NOT have corresponding test files. Optional, defaults to false.
```
